Q1: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Ans: Once we initialize the repository, git will start tracking the files present in it. We need to do it because that is the starting 
point of using git for your project. 

Q2: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Ans: Staging area contains the items that needs to go to next commit. This will allow us to select the items that needs to go to a 
commit.

Q3: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Ans: We can work on several files and several logical changes. Then decide what needs to go to the next logical commit. Move those files
alone to the staging area. Do a git diff --staged to find the difference between what is in the staging area and what is in previous commit
to ensure that we have the right logical thing to commit. Once this is done, move next set of changes to the staging area and perform next 
commit.

Q4: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Ans: I can branch to do some coding experiment or to do some bug fixes without bothering the master branch. I can switch back to master if 
I want to get a working version of the code without the experiment. I can also run two or more experiments or code changes in parallel and 
can easly switch between them and to the master.

Q5: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Ans: This will give us a mental model on what all branches I have in local and in remote repository. It will also show where in the history
each branch head is pointing to. We can get clues on what all are merged with master branch. We can also get an idea on how much local master
and remote master are off. We can also get information on what all functionalities are available is we checkout different versions (with proper
commit messages)

Q6: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Ans: Merging will combine the changes in both branches to the master branch. So all commits will be added to the merged branch which can can traced 
back from the master head. 4

Q7: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Ans: In places where it is very obvious, auto merging will reduce the developer work. But it wont help where human needs to interfere to understand
the difference between two versions. In those places, it is always better to do a manual merge.

